Release 4.2.1 (#118)
blackbaud/skyux-popovers: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.2.1 (2020-08-28)

> - Fixed the popover component to vertically align all popovers appropriately. [#117](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-popovers/pull/117)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the popover component to set default values for vertical and horizontal alignments. [#117](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-popovers/pull/117)
```
